About the job
We’re seeking a Project Manager to be based in the Philippines to join our APAC Delivery Centre and play a key role in the successful delivery of digital transformation projects across public and enterprise clients.


You’ll be responsible for managing end-to-end delivery — from planning and execution through to client engagement and commercial performance — ensuring projects are delivered with clarity, control and confidence from start to finish.



The Project Manager at OSF Digital is responsible for the comprehensive management of projects, ensuring successful planning, execution, and closure according to strict deadlines and within budget. This role involves leading both internal teams and third-party contractors or consultants to deliver projects in line with the company's strategic goals. 

The Project Manager serves as the primary point of contact for clients and the internal team, managing expectations, and maintaining responsibility for all project deliverables. 

This role will suit a confident communicator who enjoys building strong client relationships, can navigate complexity with ease, and brings a sense of energy, professionalism, and credibility to every interaction. Our ideal person will have a background in Salesforce with an ability to lead, engage, and deliver exceptional results.


Responsibilities include:

Serve as the primary point of contact for clients and the internal team on a day-to-day basis for expectation management and delivery.
Own the project, deliverables, and responsibility of ensuring items are completed, communicating directly with the client and internal stakeholders.
Define project scope, goals, and deliverables that support business goals in collaboration with senior management and stakeholders.
Develop full-scale project plans and associated communications documents, ensuring clear and consistent communication channels.
Estimate the resources and participants needed to achieve project goals and oversee the project lifecycle using defined methodologies.
Draft and submit budget proposals, update financial forecasts using SOW numbers and projections, and recommend subsequent budget changes where necessary.
Plan, schedule, and track project timelines, milestones, and resources using appropriate tools, updating PSA Resource Forecasting weekly.
Develop and deliver progress reports, proposals, requirements documentation, and presentations.
Proactively manage changes in project scope, identify potential crises, and devise contingency plans, documenting all blockers, changes, and risks.
Define project success criteria and disseminate them to involved parties throughout the project life cycle.
Conduct project post-mortems and create recommendations report to identify successful and unsuccessful project elements.
Maintain a centralized tracker for blockers accessible to the client, including due dates, responsible parties, and impact.
Utilize tools such as Confluence for comments and meeting notes and ensure all project meetings are documented and necessary parties are notified.
Build and own a mitigation plan for identified risks, managing escalations appropriately and escalating to the proper parties when needed.
Collaborate with QA to plan and execute project demos, ensuring all project requirements are listed and completed before each sprint.
Address any blockers with the internal team to keep the project on track, ensuring all team members have the necessary access to code, documentation, etc.
Send out and walk through client status reports, summarizing project work, budget status, changes, risks, and action items.
Understand cross-platform/project requirements and dependencies, collaborating independently with other Project Managers within a program.
Conduct weekly internal steerco meetings to review concerns and issues with leadership and planning, overseeing the role if a Program Manager is in place.




About you:

Bachelor's degree or equivalent in a related field.
Project Management Professional (PMP) certification is a plus.
Experience working both independently and in a team-oriented, collaborative environment.
Direct work experience in a project management capacity, including all aspects of process development and execution.
Strong familiarity with project management software, such as Microsoft Project, Basecamp, or similar.
Solid working knowledge of current IT technologies, across a broad range of solutions.
Strong written and oral communication skills, strong interpersonal and operational skill sets.
Ability to effectively prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment.
Extensive experience with project management practices and tools to create, manage, and track project performance, deliverables, and outcomes.
Proven ability to lead a team and drive projects to completion.
Ability to lead development/implementation team.
Amenable to work in the APAC Shift


Competencies:

Strong communication skills in English
Strong Consulting and Entrepreneurial mindset
Strong Values & Ethics




We are a rapidly growing team of diverse individuals passionate about performance, technology, and customer satisfaction. We are a work-from-anywhere company wherein most of our staff globally work remotely! What matters to us is not “where” you work, but “what” you deliver! OSF Digital places a key emphasis on work-life balance, employee satisfaction, and we strive to create a company culture that is innovative and open while empowering individuals to contribute in ways that positively impact us all.


As a Salesforce Platinum Partner, we offer cutting-edge projects with a global impact. Gain expertise in diverse cloud platforms, including AI, and make a significant difference to clients. OSF Digital ANZ is proud to be a Great Place to Work-Certified™ company, and as we are widening our reach in the Global Market, we are aggressively expanding our Philippine Team! Enjoy a flexible work environment with remote options, flexible hours, and a positive, supportive company culture. We prioritize work-life balance and well-being initiatives.


Your professional growth and recognition matter to us. Access training, certifications, and career advancement opportunities in our diverse and inclusive workplace. Be valued through bonuses, awards, and recognition for your contributions.


OSF Digital is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, where you can bring your whole self to work. Join an inclusive and passionate community of professionals who help bring about digital transformation for businesses around the world. At OSF Digital, we welcome all individuals and do not discriminate on the basis of gender identity and expression, race, ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation, color, religion, national origin, marital status, or any other protected category in any of the jurisdictions in which we conduct business.